[Music]
alright babe in time ago
yes put on bathing suit okay Beach oh my
god we don't need the elevator guys
very cute
[Music]
we had a burner
drop your pencils oh no we just did it
my house
and what else are you doing it looks
like a child we're gonna get dinner soon
[Music]
are you good you can sit on here you're
just sitting and reading and enjoying
this pretty view oh this is the spring
break trip of I don't even know we're
children we're literally children we
don't know how to do anything they're
literally crying over Lily over oh I get
oh it's just a little lizard it's cute
no it's cute I think I really care yay
we making sure that Kim can't we yeah
let's go Late Late
save the planet yeah I always keep one
in my phone yes what
[Music]
I'm so ready
good morning everyone
we close in late miss breakfast
but or maybe the battery to it we need
back we're going to and it's kind of
cloudy but we're gonna go to the beach
and we crash last night I think got like
12 hours of sleep which was insane but
we're gonna take some cute pictures go
tell by the pool go to beach play some
music
drink some cocktails and just have a
good time
[Music]
Kathie's expectations
[ __ ] I'm wonderful miss enough
[Music]
in your bed an X on your logo or
something no she never said a damn
[Music]
you're living it the lights
I'm so sure
[Music]
I think my camera fogs up the moment I
step outside but anyway stay through
here in Barbados we are gonna go into
bridge town today and possibly go
something possibly just go hang out at
some of the beaches there and what else
are we gonna do get some food maybe got
dancing which will be really fun last
night here at the resort
they had live music and then just like
all these old couples were dancing and
like we joined them and my camera died
so I couldn't film it but it was so cute
and we were dancing with them for like
an hour and a half they were playing all
these like old classics and like Sweet
Caroline and dancing queen and just like
everything and it was adorable we had so
much fun we were probably the most sober
ones there which I loved oh yeah today's
gonna be a good day more beach more pool
and we're gonna go into Bridge town well
first let's go get breakfast because we
didn't do that yesterday oh my gosh it's
good
won't you sing for me won't you sing for
me till we fall asleep the night is yeah
me to fall ski
[Music]
won't you sing for me fall asleep the
night
won't sing for me we do it on repeat
[Music]
we fully finesse our way into the Hilton
is it oh it's totally look quick private
party
[Music]
[Applause]
we are seeing it okay
[Music]
[Applause]
good morning everyone so today is our
final days so Aspen and I decided to get
up early and watch the Sun Rise which is
beautiful
and it was already so light before the
sunrise actually and now I asked me went
back to bed
but I just decided to go down to the
beach and I don't have a walk maybe just
some yoga read I don't know I'm kind of
tired but oh there goes my butt
it's our last day and I just I don't
know I love I love the beach and the
tropics in the morning it's like my
favorite time sunrise and sunset like
dusk and dawn that perfect time when
it's like not quite dark but not quite
late I love it so yeah I'm gonna go to
that
and then maybe get like a coffee or tea
or something and join the girls for
breakfast
[Music]
[Applause]
okay
[Music]
so good oh my gosh look at this
come on you got it
I told you I get the camera
no you won't I did it you're fine okay
three two one go
[Applause]
I wanna make sure right right yeah thank
you
I think that I think that's perfect yeah
sure
thank you that looks great we're so
happy
[Music]
is
No
we're oh my gosh I could do with french
fries
[Music]
thank you so much I like gonna sit here
baby you are the view I snorted because
I was so happy for ice yes that's what
happened that is soy sauce I'm sure
[Music]
so both I can't do both I already doing
the other one in a slide what is the one
more did you like this picture see you
didn't like this one I like what okay
wait which one this one
[Music]
[Applause]